jeff cavaliere video get a clean our
three a Wolverine workout series again
with all nine athletes much celebrities
was go time it's time to start taking
action I want to bring on speed again so
it's great to the slowdown worked out
and in the last phase or right before
where you get to whatever activity over
you it's time to pick up a patient game
that's what this is this is our are to
develop of an explosive thing I want to
move through this exercise a little bit
more powerfully a little bit more
explosively and we're going to keep the
rest limit the rest of 30 to 60 seconds
max are not like a favorite work are you
saying it to do reset for exercise is
your beginner the 60 seconds of two
cents if you really are kind of a season
workout guy so we're going up the 32nd
risk and send three sets of everything
and start here when I hold power air
ground attack internal down here in
brown the pushup Thank get back a little
bit will get push up here okay Lolo
Creek jump okay come on over here yeah
Gregory 45 comma bar so let's all fly
over so from here hey where you told me
like this client approached up I
supposedly lived over here let it go tap
it back there slow down
okay slow traffic 10 foot brace let's
say here Oh lay my pleasure flash flash
right here off the big right hand love
so down once why let's like it make it a
little bit more closer on that switch it
8 10 12 then cosine okay hey right into
our through it tell us one drop that up
here to the left right thanks i cannot
hold on your hip the drive before do
three sets little rest 36 and stands 30
is your a little bit more advanced come
here this judicial rounds we're very
very close away like to call this
twisting distance internet me around
just like this hey you hop in here so
then come back
I make a little hard on that for you get
your play all your bridge 93 hip
rotation yes I took my buck him no rest
at all in 20 says you at least get 30 60
seconds or keep it shorter so that's
face rated getting our bring your speed
during competition they're going to near
starring right leading role look your
best that's the Wolverine workout series
jeff cavaliere from athleanx.com order
visit this link below the video
you